clarifying security patches (#3532)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/upgrade-core-in-cloud.md

The example job seen in the screenshot above belongs to the environment "Prod". It inherits the dbt version of its environment as shown by the **Inherited from ENVIRONMENT_NAME (DBT_VERSION)** selection. You may also manually override the dbt version of a specific job to be any of the current Core releases supported by Cloud by selecting another option from the dropdown.

## Supported versions

> dbt Labs have always encouraged our users to upgrade dbt Core versions whenever a new minor version is released. We released our first major version of dbt - `dbt 1.0` - in December 2021. Alongside this release, we updated our policy on which versions of dbt Core we will support in dbt Cloud.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
dbt Labs has always encouraged users to upgrade dbt Core versions whenever a new minor version is released. We released our first major version of dbt - `dbt 1.0` - in December 2021. Alongside this release, we updated our policy on which versions of dbt Core we will support in dbt Cloud.
```

> > **Starting with v1.0, all subsequent minor versions are available in dbt Cloud. Versions are actively supported, with patches and bug fixes, for 1 year after their initial release. At the end of the 1-year window, we encourage all users to upgrade to a newer version, for better ongoing maintenance and support.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Starting with v1.0, all subsequent minor versions are available in dbt Cloud. Versions are actively supported, with patches and bug fixes, for 1 year after their initial release. At the end of the 1-year window, we encourage all users to upgrade to a newer version for better ongoing maintenance and support.**
```

> We provides different support levels to different versions, which may include new features, bug fixes, or security patches:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We provide different support levels for different versions, which may include new features, bug fixes, or security patches:
```

The example job seen in the screenshot above belongs to the environment "Prod". It inherits the dbt version of its environment as shown by the **Inherited from ENVIRONMENT_NAME (DBT_VERSION)** selection. You may also manually override the dbt version of a specific job to be any of the current Core releases supported by Cloud by selecting another option from the dropdown.

## Supported versions

dbt Labs have always encouraged our users to upgrade dbt Core versions whenever a new minor version is released. We released our first major version of dbt - `dbt 1.0` - in December 2021. Alongside this release, we updated our policy on which versions of dbt Core we will support in dbt Cloud.

>  > **Starting with v1.0, any subsequent minor versions will be supported in dbt Cloud for 1 year post release. At the end of the 1 year window, accounts must upgrade to a supported version of dbt or risk service disruption.**

Reviewer 2: How about something like:
```suggestion
> **Starting with v1.0, all subsequent minor versions are available in dbt Cloud. Versions are actively supported, with patches and bug fixes, for 1 year after their initial release. At the end of the 1-year window, we encourage all users to upgrade to a newer version, for better ongoing maintenance and support.**
```

Author: fixed typo 'initial'
